website/posts/spotube-basics.md, before:

---
title: Spotube Basics
author: Kingkor Roy Tirtho
date: 2024-02-10
published: true
---

Spotube is an open-source Spotify client that allows users to stream music from Spotify. To use Spotube, you need to sign in with your Spotify account. Here's a step-by-step guide on how to sign in to Spotube.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

- A Spotify account
- The Spotube application installed on your device

## Steps

1. Open the Spotube application on your device.
2. Click on the "Sign in with Spotify" button.
3. You will be redirected to the Spotify login page. Enter your Spotify username and password and click on the "Log In" button.
4. You will be asked to grant Spotube permission to access your Spotify account. Click on the "Agree" button to grant permission.
5. You will be redirected back to the Spotube application, and you should now be signed in to your Spotify account.

That's it! You are now signed in to Spotube and can start streaming music from Spotify.

| Title          | Author             | Date       | Published |
| -------------- | ------------------ | ---------- | --------- |
| Spotube Basics | Kingkor Roy Tirtho | 2024-02-10 | true      |

```bash
$ git clone
```

```javascript
const a = 1;
```

## Conclusion

Signing in to Spotube is a simple process that requires you to have a Spotify account and the Spotube application installed on your device. By following the steps outlined in this tutorial, you should be able to sign in to Spotube and start streaming music from Spotify.

Commit message:

changed every spotube to spotifyre

website/posts/spotube-basics.md, after:

---
title: spotifyre Basics
author: Kingkor Roy Tirtho
date: 2024-02-10
published: true
---

spotifyre is an open-source Spotify client that allows users to stream music from Spotify. To use spotifyre, you need to sign in with your Spotify account. Here's a step-by-step guide on how to sign in to spotifyre.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following:

- A Spotify account
- The spotifyre application installed on your device

## Steps

1. Open the spotifyre application on your device.
2. Click on the "Sign in with Spotify" button.
3. You will be redirected to the Spotify login page. Enter your Spotify username and password and click on the "Log In" button.
4. You will be asked to grant spotifyre permission to access your Spotify account. Click on the "Agree" button to grant permission.
5. You will be redirected back to the spotifyre application, and you should now be signed in to your Spotify account.

That's it! You are now signed in to spotifyre and can start streaming music from Spotify.

| Title          | Author             | Date       | Published |
| -------------- | ------------------ | ---------- | --------- |
| spotifyre Basics | Kingkor Roy Tirtho | 2024-02-10 | true      |

```bash
$ git clone
```

```javascript
const a = 1;
```

## Conclusion

Signing in to spotifyre is a simple process that requires you to have a Spotify account and the spotifyre application installed on your device. By following the steps outlined in this tutorial, you should be able to sign in to spotifyre and start streaming music from Spotify.
